Flexible storage (#653)
neo4j/docs-aura: modules/ROOT/pages/managing-instances/instance-details.adoc

It runs on container technology and this allows for the AuraDB Instance to allocate dedicated CPU resources.

|Storage

> |Neo4j Aura automates the backup process (you can also create your own on-demand snapshots), storing your data securely in the cloud. Backups are saved in the storage bucket of the cloud provider in the same region as your Neo4j Aura instance.

Author: I don't this is entirely correct instead:

Backups (automated and manual snapshots) are stored separately from your database's allocated storage.
This storage is managed by Neo4j, so you don’t need to provision or scale it yourself.
Your billed storage is based on the size of your database instance — not the backup space.

> |Neo4j Aura automates the backup process (you can also create your own on-demand snapshots), storing your data securely in the cloud. Backups are saved in the storage bucket of the cloud provider in the same region as your Neo4j Aura instance.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|Backups, automated and manual, are stored separately from your instance's allocated storage.
These are saved in the cloud provider's storage bucket in the same region as your Aura instance.
```
Unless this is different now, this information is important. Saying that the backups are stored separately from the instance should clarify enough that they don't encroach on the selected storage space. Also, we try to avoid talking about money, if we can.

> Storage is adjustable independent of memory for AuraDB pre-paid billing on Google Cloud Platform (GCP), version 5.x. See xref:/managing-instances/instance-actions/#_flexible_storage[Flexible storage] for more information.

Author: CalVer?

> Storage is adjustable independent of memory for AuraDB pre-paid billing on Google Cloud Platform (GCP), version 5.x. See xref:/managing-instances/instance-actions/#_flexible_storage[Flexible storage] for more information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Options for flexible storage is available for AuraDB pre-paid billing on Google Cloud Platform (GCP), latest version.
See xref:managing-instances/instance-actions.adoc#_flexible_storage[Flexible storage] for more information.
```

> |Neo4j Aura automates the backup process (you can also create your own on-demand snapshots), storing your data securely in the cloud.

Reviewer: This repeats the previous row.

It runs on container technology and this allows for the AuraDB Instance to allocate dedicated CPU resources.

|Storage
|Backups, automated and manual, are stored separately from your instance's allocated storage.
These are saved in the cloud provider's storage bucket in the same region as your Aura instance.

> Options for flexible storage is available for AuraDB pre-paid billing on Google Cloud Platform (GCP), latest version.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Options for flexible storage are available for AuraDB pre-paid billing on Google Cloud Platform (GCP), latest version.  
```
